Sample issue templates (#4)
algolia-samples/about: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/code-request.md

---

> name: Sample Code Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Sample code request
```

> about: Submit a request for Sample Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Request a new code sample or sample app
```

> title: '[Code Sample Submission]'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: '[Sample code request]'
```

labels: code-request
assignees: 'clemfromspace'
---

**What's the use case for the sample code?**

> Please explain what use case this sample is solving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please explain what use case the new sample should address.
```

> **What are your preferred programming language/framework?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**What are your preferred programming languages/frameworks?**
```

> What programming language should be used for this template? If there's a front-end and back-end component, please list both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What programming language should we use for the new sample? 
If the sample app will have both front-end and back-end components, please list both.
```

**What are your preferred technologies/integrations?**

> Please list any integrations and tools this project should include. e.g: Segment, Contentful etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please list any integrations and other tools this project should include, for example, Segment, Contentful, etc.
```
